[Music]
the only eight exercises you need for
perfect legs an expensive membership at
a gym is not the only way to keep
yourself fit you can get in great shape
without even leaving your home all you
need is 20 minutes a day and a strong
desire to get better
don't miss our little bonus a list of
food you need to consume to get toned
buttocks one basic squats first start
with a classic squat stand with your
feet shoulder-width apart take a deep
breath in and start pushing your
buttocks back as if you're trying to sit
on a chair squat down until your thighs
are parallel to the floor breathe out
and return to the starting position do
four to five sets of ten to twelve reps
each remember that you should squat down
as low as you can the lower you squat
the more you engage your legs while
performing the exercise keep your back
straight and make sure your knees do not
extend over your toes to jump squats
stand with your feet shoulder-width
apart and keep your back straight
breathe in and lower yourself into the
squat until your thighs are parallel to
the floor if you're able to squat a
little below parallel that's great as
you exhale jump up using the power of
your whole feet to give you a lift
try to leap as high as possible fully
straightening out your legs when your
feet touch the floor again return to the
squat position
repeat for four sets of twelve reps each
you should control your landings and
your feet touch the ground
simultaneously your knees should be
slightly bent by the way doing this
exercise you also strengthen your arm
muscles
three Bulgarian split squats stand with
your back facing a chair position one of
your feet on top of the chair and take a
step forward with the other leg keeping
your back straight slowly squat down
until your thigh is parallel to the
floor place your weight on the front leg
and bend it to form a 90 degree angle
and keep the other leg relaxed transfer
your total weight back on your heel
return to the starting position do four
to five sets of ten to twelve reps on
each leg shifting the load from the
front of the thigh to the buttocks is
important as you squat
don't let your front knee move beyond
your toes for plie squats stand with
your legs wide apart turn your toes to
face outwards at a 45-degree angle
slowly lower yourself down into a squat
keeping your back straight slowly push
back up to the starting position apart
from the glutes the plie squats develop
the inner thigh muscles complete four to
five sets of ten to twelve reps as you
squat down make sure that your knees do
not protrude past your toes focus on
keeping your knees in line with your
feet if you want to get your legs and
buttocks in shape squatting as low as
possible is critical
five lunges
stand up straight with your feet a
little narrower than shoulder-width
apart take a big step forward with your
right leg and lower your body until your
thigh is parallel to the floor keep your
shoulders back and relaxed your arms
should be down by your sides walk around
the room lunging with each step once in
the lunge position your working leg
should form a 90 degree angle use your
heel to push yourself upwards and bring
your rear leg forward to perform the
next lunge repeat for four to five sets
of 20 lunges each don't lean forward and
keep your back straight lunges are a
great exercise to help build strength
not only in your legs but also in your
front thigh muscles and calves six floor
leg raises
kneel down and place your hands on the
floor under the shoulders bend your
right leg and raise it to the ceiling as
high as you can lower it back down to
the starting position if it gets too
easy you can use ankle weights to add
resistance complete four to five sets of
30 to 40 reps each while doing the
exercise hold the peak position for a
few seconds and try to tighten up your
butt muscles as hard as you can seven
hip bridge lie on your back with your
legs bent and your feet on the floor
shoulder-width apart
lift your hips toward the ceiling then
lower them back down to make the
exercise harder to perform extend one
leg straight out or put some weights on
your abdomen as you lift hold the peak
position for a few seconds and squeeze
your buttocks to make them more firm
eight forward bends stand straight with
your feet slightly wider than shoulder
width apart lean forward keeping your
back straight lower your torso until
it's almost parallel to the floor and
bend your knees return to the starting
position and do four sets of ten reps
each you shouldn't feel your back
muscles working as you pull your upper
body up use your gluteal muscles to lift
your torso while your back muscles
should only help to maintain a straight
body position here's the bonus the foods
that help you make your butt rounder and
toned one proteins if you already have a
well-established exercise routine drink
a protein shake after a workout tuna
eggs turkey chicken tilapia legumes
cottage cheese lean red meat legumes and
any fish not fried are natural sources
of proteins - carbohydrates swap white
bread and pasta for whole-wheat or
whole-grain alternatives carbohydrates
that help you maintain a good
musculature our quinoa brown rice oats
any whole-grain cereal sweet potato and
couscous three fat
unlike bad fats good fats provide a
broad range of health benefits they also
help you sculpt the body of your dreams
and even lose weight the best sources of
healthy fats are fish oil extra virgin
olive oil almonds walnuts and peanut
butter for vegetables focus on
vegetables rich in antioxidants such as
broccoli spinach kale and any green
vegetables
the good news is that you can eat as
much of these as you want keep in mind
that without exercise you won't see
results and you can even put on weight
your workout routine should include
exercises such as squats hip bridges and
lunges perform these exercises every day
within 2 or 3 weeks and then share your
results in the comments below don't
forget to hit the like button below and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]